what is the case go back to our videos
so didn't bring us another 15 video and
today with Detroit explain to us how we
can become a good feed 15 trader but
before we go into the video gasps if
this video created 50 lakhs very very
quickly I will bring up another video
late today you guys are absolutely
loving these double uploads so smash 50
likes really quick and i'll do another
video up later today now basically i'm
going to give you guys two three steps
in this video i guess it's going to be
part 1 i'm probably going to be like
three or four parts so if you guys want
to see parts us won't leave a comment
down below right now but yeah just get
straight into this part and the first
part or the first step to become a good
trader is to have quite a lot of
patience now this was something i didn't
have it fifa 13 I was like no I just
can't wait 20 minutes for 20 minutes
through this place to expire but
basically what I learned is that you can
just basically if our trader you can
just add like let's say if you add 20
players to your watch list basically in
almost every minute you will have a new
deal almost expiring and that means that
you can bid on a player basically every
minute and you don't really have to wait
too much time when you basically have a
lot of players in your transfer list so
this is basically the first step try to
look up some charter look or most of the
pillars and that you think you will get
a good deal on on open beds just Adam to
transfer targets so you don't have to
wait friends to expire too long because
you just have pledged expiring is part
expiring and expiring that is one of the
tips avenues and that is one of the tips
and I got me into training once because
just add more and more players to your
watch list that is much more
entertaining than just having one there
and this maintain 20 minutes for that
player Jax fire yeah that is my first
tip gas and the second tip is to em mr.
Ghana if you are never ever traded
before if you've never have traded try
going YouTube try to watch out out the
few training methods something 15 and 15
trading method every recommend is when
you are on the web app try to invest in
some players try to pick up some
expensive players that goes for around
15 thousand coins or 20,000 goings on
the web app try to pick them up and they
will seriously sell for like 30 K or 40
k when the consoles out because people
are going to play with them I games and
stuff so definitely that is a very good
tip there's of course a lot of morphine
tips already here on youtube so left
we check that out I have a few as well
so if you guys want to look up that on
my channel that'd be great but still if
you are a good trader make sure you also
look up other methods I've learned a lot
of methods from even my subscribers that
I haven't really checked out before see
you guys I've also helped me out a lot
with training so just go on YouTube just
check out a few trading methods if you
haven't really treated a lot before and
yeah that is basically tip number two
now the tip number three data for you
today is to download the phone app now
this basically requires a phone so
hopefully you have a phone and hopefully
have placed or I think its own app store
as well hopefully have apps or play
store but if it's only on the Play Store
I'm sorry for everyone with I phones but
hopefully you're able to get it I think
it's on the ice très well make sure you
guys let me know about that in comment
section but i'm pretty sure it's on the
Astra's well anyway it's basically just
download the phone up what it can do
then your example say if you're going to
bed around one am too am in a week and
basically then just have your phone up
just chill out in the bed and whenever
for example before you going to sleep
try to look up some players that you
think we can get a good deal on and
definitely bind them now this is
something I did a lot when I first
became a traitor I just went on a phone
app because I during the night I'll not
many people are going to be on probably
the first few weeks of e15 and people
are going to be on like 24 7 but if you
just wait a few weeks and go on to the
folding up look up some players when
it's around 23 a.m. then you can
basically get some insane deals and that
is something I got me into the first
deals was basically from the deals I got
really late at night and that is a
really good tip try to search up a few
players that you like trading with but
try to search them up really late as
well and you will definitely be able to
see the difference off the players it's
just really really ridiculously the
difference from some of the players or
some of the deals you can get from night
and today basically when they sell or
basically during the day a lot of people
are on a lot of people are buying the
cards quickly but at night not many
people are on and not many people are
buying the cards quickly so basically if
you like to trade if you still
or something then that would be
absolutely amazing at the start of 15
charters are some up really late and see
if you can get a good deal than then and
I'm sure you will get a lot more deals
when you do trade a little bit later on
in the night i'm going to give you guys
last tip right here and this is actually
trading method for 15 or it's kind of
not a trading method but this is
something that i really want you guys to
do if you are banished it or if you even
trade a little bit before basically try
to find your own method try to find your
own trading method just play around on
the transfer market see if you can just
find out the deal or just a trading
method yourself and don't tell it to
anybody if you're a youtuber don't tell
anybody I still have some 15 trading
methods that I've kept secrets if you
guys want me to reveal some of them let
me know in the comments section because
you see almost the end of 5th 14 but
some of the methods that you learned try
to keep in secret don't tell them to
anybody so you can just have that method
for itself over and just do it all the
time if it works absolutely insane for
you but of course if you are a youtuber
and you'd like to make some people in
trading videos then of course reveal
some of their methods but if you have
some insane methods that you for example
figured out that works really well for
you don't really say to anybody just try
to keep it for yourself and yeah until
then yeah that's basically a very good
tip try to not like reveal if the method
started something happy this year I
really feel too many of my methods and
that was a big big big mistake for me
but try to keep most of your methods
secret and maybe they will reveal them
later on but definitely try to find your
own method don't really use too many of
other people's methods even though you
should go on youtube look up different
trading methods try to have one yourself
as well and by you're probably wondering
how will find my own trading method
basically that is just being on the
market just trying to search up the
players just just do you like very ating
the by now the minimum price and
everything just play a little round
there see if you can just find a method
similar method bronze method or gold
method or name a name for method and
yeah just that is just my tip guys so
hopefully you guys enjoyed these few
tips if you got one part to let me know
in the comment section hopefully this
video will go down well though I'm not
sure how this video is going to go down
but hopefully it'll do alright and you
as one part two and yay gasps if you
guys will smash 50 lakhs and it's better
relatively quickly I've a lot of another
video later tonight not sure that's
going to be but there will be something
5015 relate that I guess so thank you
guys for watching make sure you guys
subscribe if you're new around there I
do 15 trading methods and stuff every
single day now right before 5015 is out
as well make sure you guys subscribe 50
15 videos or 15 web app videos and stuff
and yeah that's basically for make up
for me this time you guys think that's
watching and I'll see you guys tomorrow
or even later tonight with another video
good bye guys